hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you're new here my name is
Olivia Jarvis and today I am going to be
doing another 24-hour challenge pink
food and drink for the next 24 hours you
guys on my Instagram actually chose this
challenge I put a poll up on my
Instagram last night and you all voted
pink for 24 hours so at first I thought
I couldn't work out what it was going to
end up being I'll actually so excited
I'm so excited right now I think of so
many things are talking my head straight
away like pink fancies you know they're
mr. Kipling's things pink Mel oh my god
mainly going to be junk food I can't
think of that money that whole food I
did try and find a pink outfit I which
don't own anything I've got a pink like
baby thing jumping me it really washes
me out so I've got pink socks on though
guys yes I think so
also Oh from Valentine's I've still got
these definitely pink roses makes me red
I have any other thing today and I'm
gonna drive to the shop grab some bits
there I'm gonna try and find some
restaurants that serve pink food I saw
some other youtubers do this video and
it just looked like so much fun and I
just have to do it and I really like the
color pink I'm just gonna show you my
current busy kind of in the mirror and
I'm also going to show you my weight now
and then I'll show you my weight after
the challenge as well in my last
McDonald's one I got a lot of questions
of asking but you're into fitness how
come you can do these food challenges my
diet isn't restrictive or we all have
individual different lifestyles
different activity levels and everything
like that
I don't you like this daily and I
wouldn't recommend it you tonight as
daily as well so yeah anyway let's get
straight to it so this is like my
current physique at the moment oh look
at the pink socks oh my God look at this
color coordination you can't see
somewhere in a jumper I don't know I
just do the fatigue whilst I'm wearing a
big jumper logic in that Wow I'll now
show you my weight
pink food shot some ideas that I can
think of but I probably just mooch
around going to taste go
this Tesco I have forgotten my handbag
like to put my camera in so now I'm
literally just gonna have to walk around
right with my camera nothing else in my
hand they're looking about this
discarding cuz I think they get a bit
touchy and I see film in supermarkets I
found my collagen bag in my back my
pants are just brought back so I'm gonna
get these paint French fancies these are
the bomb hope you remember feeds I
literally Fester these strawberry
wanders sorry it's actually a lot harder
to eat sweets all day
there's only a little bit yes I love
this robbery milk okay we're doing well
we've got some pink away so I've just
got back this is everything I got
I'm literally so impressed I managed to
find pink chocolate and nothing no pink
like way for things as well
watermelon lemonade lucozade zero pink
lemonade this is so nice I have this
every day our fruit wanders these like
bring what so many childhood memories
some held and strawberries and wafers
I've already started eating these in the
car these are so now each fruit wraps
some french fancies obviously I'm only
going to eat the pink ones some jelly
some Lucky Charms which are only going
to have the pink ones out of this some
strawberry flavored milk and beetroot
then I found some strawberry and cream
meringue shells some phones and ham and
some salmon also how extra is this till
I just saw this pink tissue for I have
together that was like 3 pounds as well
and all together I spent 38 pounds and
20 people starting with breakfast first
I'm absolutely starving right now I did
have about four of these in the car on
the way home pink laces these are cheeks
are out there kind of like moist in the
middle
I'm gonna pick these all that this might
take me a while you know I don't you how
many pink ones these are so sweet oh my
god Oh ice cream throw it down that much
this is breakfast pink it's only so long
to fish out the Lucky Charms now it's
just looks so sugary so sweet
that's not you I enjoy boys like kind of
like taste little marshmallows oh my god
either so no it's like really fluffy and
creamy so much sugar also for breakfast
I'm gonna have some jelly shoulda made
affection of that
like two mouthful so that is breakfast
done with and I'm already feeling a bit
sick which is anticipate at all like
maybe it's because I don't have that
much like sweet stuff on the occasion
but I think that cereal and strawberry
milk wow that was really how it was so
sweet that felt like just eating and
drinking like a full thing of just sugar
that wasn't enjoyable I feel quite
bloated already and that's only one meal
down I didn't actually expect that now
I'm just gonna do some work and I'll
capture you guys at my next meal it's
now at ten to three and I'm just going
to driving someone Chester to go to a
cafe kind of place called Black Milk
they do like some really cool milkshakes
I've just parked for I brought this with
me this is huge imagine drinking
Mosley's a day if we literally had
bouncing off the wall
I reckon today I'll have 20 or so many
additives
[Applause]
[Music]
latrina influence
[Applause]
[Music]
make sure you like subscribe to this
video because that was officially one of
them awkwardest situation it was so busy
I'm moved round three times like
changing seats so glad to be back in my
car right now but they just bring me on
I just thought I'd mention it it's so
good to push yourself out of your
comfort zones especially if social
situations is a problem for you you
literally feel amazing afterwards and
then it just makes it easy like next
time you ever get into that kind of
uncomfortable situation it just makes it
easier each time the lady who Cece
wished at all how many people is a table
for and I'm still just one and then I
felt awkward and then after a while it
just kind of wears off people stop
staring and say that starts don't know
they don't really Britt you don't know
what they're thinking and it shouldn't
matter you just do you one thing that
really helps when I'm in everything in
control it's just tails up or I'm okay
and just kind of repeat that in my head
and then it goes away and it's fine they
didn't have any other sort of pink foods
and that's all research has to get in a
nut-shaped but I'm quite hungry like
that has not filled me up so I've been
home a while there is now 10:00 to 5:00
and I am ravenous like that milkshake
did not film your at all and I feel a
really full of energy I mean it's all
sugar I probably will crash later on
first I'm gonna have a problem
milk's I'm really now I'm craving like
more savory stuff but I really fancy an
actual meal and I do feel quite
malnourished but that probably all in my
head if you go overboard on one day you
know it weren't human and it's really
hard to gain real weight after one of
eating obviously if you had a massive
change in your diet for one day and gone
eating absolutely loads of things that
you've probably don't reckon you have
then you might feel bloated for the day
or just because your body is not used to
it but it really much impossible to put
on weight or ruin your progress from one
day of bad eating and if you go back
regular youth in the following day and
you're consistent gym routine then
literally you won't see a difference
whatsoever when I used to really
restrict myself that's my end up finding
and then falling off the wagon I hate
that phrase at you huh so now I just
find moderation suits me Beth I actually
kind of like the look of it which is
quite strange but this is a beetroot and
ham in and then I've got some wafers oh
my god need some badge or something
hmm this is so nice you know it's actual
taste exactly like just a normal wrap
this is like your man's about to kids
lunch place actually drank all this
which is that there was no other pink
chocolate and I think the KitKat or even
pink moment of truth is this egg going
to pink oh my god it's not actually
bigger than my head literally loving my
life right now
I haven't any chalk like this is the
best thing this is the best item I have
eaten the whole house I don't have any
smash this up you know
kind of like brucey chocolate Ruby cocoa
beans we'll try this though I think this
is pink as well he's don't sometimes I
doing it this is way nicer we should
have a cup of tea right now
do you know dip it this tastes more like
milk chocolate actually butter because I
thought that egg was in me so no water
all right I'm the cheese so chops for
food chocolate sit out I'm gonna have a
jelly think this is hydrate there's like
this is hydrating I could eat these all
day are just feeding it to the gym the
time of night oh my god it's five to
nine and I had a gym session basically
powered by that full thing of Luke's it
I felt like started off really well and
then I started feeling really crap I
really more of a mental thing than as
she got in my body but I just felt like
crap floating here she's British
all day long but I'm now gonna go to the
cinema and have like my last meal but it
takes some snacks Mason also brought
home Lynne Robin queen but don't if he's
can't you know because I'm pretty sure
they're all white on the outside and
we're just going to go to the cinema
I've been working so much sweet so it
just fancy doing something out of house
rather than I sitting and watching a
film end one thing I feel like I can
already feel happening I'm gonna break
out so much as me and sugar just cause
spots like would I just turn into one
gigantic spot I'm probably gonna have
like really Bruce and Gerald here
tomorrow I'm gonna eat some more now and
then I'll take them to this in a row for
us to feed them around mmm
Oh also I brush my teeth four times
today
[Music]
their last pink fancy lovely combos and
it ham and pink fancy
[Music]
so maker just get in a burrito and I'm
actually hungry there's nothing pink
though love them they don't do bee tree
traps either
waste way over here
that film we just went to watch was
called ELISA we just come out anyway it
works men do whatever likes around we're
hoping to do those ended it so it's now
25 11
Darvin able to go home and eat some bee
tree or at just the beautiful array got
salmon on a beetroot phone box I
should've got prom court out in empathy
yeah I should've got that rather than
just your phones in the road actually
I'm so impressed
I don't even know these existed until
today these Petrie things they shake
though not like no one never had salmon
just in a war out we might need that
joinder this is quite nice I wish I had
too much cream cheese I thought under
the moon
finish all those robberies do you
remember these fruit wonders this is my
second one of the day I too love these
they don't quite taste the same today so
I just thought I'd show you afterwards
like I don't actually feel remember if
you go back to this slightly bloated but
nothing nothing too drastic I don't
necessarily feel any different to 5 I
don't feel full I was on McDonald's
war-era my feelings so I'm comfortable
and stuffed whereas this one I should
haven't eaten a proper meal and I've
been snacking all day but I had a lot of
snacks left yeah that's about it really
nothing that drastic has changed but
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope you enjoyed it and
if you haven't already had really
appreciate it if you subscribe and like
this video if it really helps me out and
helps my channel to grow and I will see
you guys in the next video